● What is a Microservice?

- Microservices is a software development style that breaks down a large application into smaller, independent services that communicate using APIs. Each service is owned by a small team and specializes in a single task. Microservices are often used to help organizations deliver large, complex applications quickly, reliably, and sustainably.

● What is Monolith architecture?

- A monolithic architecture is a traditional model of a software program, which is built as a unified unit that is self-contained and independent from other applications. The word “monolith” is often attributed to something large and glacial, which isn't far from the truth of a monolith architecture for software design.

● What is the difference between Monolith and Microservice?

- Structure: Monolithic applications are a single codebase, while microservices are composed of multiple loosely-coupled services.
  Interdependence: All the software components in a monolithic system are interdependent. Microservices are small independent components or services.
  Communication: Each service performs a single function and communicates with other services through a well-defined interface.
  Deployment: Monolithic architecture has advantages like fast development, easy deployment, and performance.
  Scalability: Scaling monoliths can be tricky since the entire application needs to scale.
  Testing: Software testing is much harder with microservices.
  Cross-cutting concerns: Monolithic architecture has less cross-cutting concerns.
  Maintenance: Monolithic architecture is easier to maintain due to its simplicity.

● Why do we need a useEffect Hook?

- In React, the useEffect hook manages a component's lifecycle, which includes mounting, updating, and unmounting. It allows you to perform side effects in your components, such as fetching data, updating the DOM, and timers. The useEffect hook is useful for running functions during the component's lifecycle, such as updating the UI when a state changes.

● What is Optional Chaining?

- Optional chaining is a feature in JavaScript, TypeScript, and Swift that allows you to access properties, methods, and subscripts of an object or array when one or more of these properties are null or undefined. The expression short circuits and evaluates to undefined instead of throwing an error, which can result in shorter and simpler expressions

● What is Shimmer UI?

- Shimmer UI is a type of user interface that shows loading states, such as for posts, comments, and stories on Facebook. It's more engaging and informative than a progress bar or loading spinner because it can tell the user what's being loaded, how long it will take, and what to expect next. Shimmer UI mimics the shades and forms of content that will ultimately appear.

● What is the difference between JS expression and JS statement?

- Expressions
  Expressions are the building blocks of JavaScript programs.
  They can be used to perform calculations, compare values, and create new values.
  Expressions can also be used to control the flow of a program.

* 1 + 2
  "hello" + "world"
  true && false
  (1, 2, 3)

- Statements
  Statements are used to tell the computer what to do.
  They can be used to declare variables, assign values to variables, and call functions.
  Statements can also be used to control the flow of a program.

* let x = 1;
  if (x > 10) {
  console.log("x is greater than 10");
  } else {
  console.log("x is not greater than 10");
  }

● What is Conditional Rendering, explain with a code example

- Conditional rendering in React refers to the process of delivering elements and components based on certain conditions. Often, you encounter scenarios where the visual representation of your UI components needs to be adjusted using JSX, depending on varying circumstances. This is where conditional rendering comes in

● What is CORS?

- Cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) is a browser security feature that allows web applications to interact with resources in a different domain. For example, a browser can use CORS to access videos from a video platform API, use fonts from a public font library, or display weather data from a national weather database

● What is async and await?

- In JavaScript, async and await are keywords that can make code easier to read and manage asynchronous tasks. async marks a function as asynchronous before its body, and await gets the completed result of an asynchronous expression. await can only be used within an async function.

● What is the use of `const json = await data.json();` in getRestaurants()

- The const json = await data.json(); line of code is used to parse the JSON data returned by the getRestaurants() function. The await keyword is used to tell the JavaScript engine to wait for the data.json() promise to resolve before executing the next line of code. Once the promise resolves, the parsed JSON data will be assigned to the json variable.
  The getRestaurants() function is likely an asynchronous function, which means that it does not return a value immediately. Instead, it returns a promise, which is an object that represents the eventual completion or failure of the function. The await keyword allows us to wait for the promise to resolve before executing the next line of code.
  The json() method is a method on the Response object that parses the JSON data in the response body and returns a JavaScript object or array. The const json = await data.json(); line of code is therefore used to parse the JSON data returned by the getRestaurants() function and assign the parsed data to the json variable.
